First, get a rock.
Then, smash the rock.
Now, you've got 98%
concentrated silicon dioxide.
Now, purify it to 99.
9% pure silicon dioxide.
Purify it to 99.
99999999% polysilicon metal.
Put the polysilicon
ingots into a crucible.
Heat the silicon ingots to 1,
698 degrees Kelvin.
Take a small seed monocristal
and dip it into the vat of multi-silicon.
Slowly pull the crystal out as it cools.
Now, you've got a monocristal
of pure silicon.
Next, cut the monocristaline silicon ingot
into thin slices.
Now, you've got pristine,
freshly-cut silicon wafers.
Dope it with some boron or phosphorus.
Put photoresist on the wafer.
Take your chromy anium etched
photolithographic quartz mask and shine
a laser beam through it onto the wafer.
The shadows produced by the photo mask
will control the location of highly
localized chemical reactions
on the surface of the silicon wafer.
Now, develop the photoresist.
Acid etch the exposed parts of the wafer.
Wash away the leftover photoresist.
Now do some homoepitaxy,
heteroepitaxy, pseudoepitaxy,
diffusion doping, copper interconnects.
Chemical mechanical polishing.
Now you've got a finished silicon wafer.
Cut your silicon wafer into pieces.
Now you've got unpackaged silicon dies.
Locate the pads on the silicon chip
and attach bond wires, or use the method.
The bond wires provide an electrical
connection between the pins on the chip
package and the pads on the silicon die.
And that's how you make a.